---
layout: post
---

Why write this?
I'm honestly not sure, writing has never really been a think I've done or a things I've thought a lot about doing. In the past few months I've been reading more blogs and more "smart" books. they often will talk about how writing can be a good thing and how its "Important to write" or other stuff like that. It might be true I'm honestly not sure. I did start doing some light journaling fall of last year and I've found that to be a pretty good thing. It seems to help me really nail down my mental state and actually solidify my feelings and thoughts on things in a more "real" way. 

So that the why write. But why write THIS?
I think putting out some sort of writing would be good for me. Not just text for my eyes only, more of a conversation with the external world even if only to to the void. It seems important to put something out, open the system rather than have it closed. I'm not sure, but then again this seems like the kind of thought that's complicated.

So then what to write?
I think somewhat it doesn't matter. As long as I start. 

I'm working part time while taking two classes at the local community college right now. I'm quitting soon and starting to do school full time as of this summer semester. Starting a degree in Electrical and Computer engineering at the local public university. Honestly I'm really excited to start, the subject matter seems really interesting and exciting to learn. Now don't misunderstand me its gonna be hard af for me and I'm gonna have to put in a lot of time but it should be worth it. Writing about my classes and "teaching" what I've learned might be a really good way to learn the material better. I will have to consider doing that. 

I'm sure as I write this i will improve, its defiantly one of those things you've gotta put the hours into. But anyways cya - Noah